I need an import wizard for a hdf5 file, written in python3 using pyqt5.  The wizard needs to handle the following files and store them in the hdf5 file:

1) .dat file: binary file containing a spectrum. The structure is 4-byte floating point numbers.
2) .hdr file: ASCII file with structure 'keyword = value'. Forward slash '/' denotes a comment and the rest of the line should be ignored. The .hdr file contains the metadata
3) .csv files and text files, in a similar way to the import wizard for Excel spreadsheets. The first line would contain the metadata for the columns in both the .csv and text files.

The .hdf5 file should have the following structure:


Group: Calculations
   
   Dataset: Calculated transition probabilities. File shall be a table with columns containing the
   wavenumber, lower level key, upper level key, and transition probability. They keys must match
   the keys in the levels and previous identifications groups. Additional columns may be added as
   desired (e.g. alternate level descriptions), but will not be used by the program
   
   Dataset: Additional calculations as needed with the same criteria.

Group: Levels
  
   Dataset: List of energy levels. File shall be a table with columns containing the energy level
   value, the level key, the J-value, the parity, and the lifetime. Lifetimes may be blank, as
   needed in the case of lower levels that may be metastable, but results will not be calculated for
   any upper energy level with a blank lifetime. The key must match the key in the calculations and
   previous identifications groups. Additional columns may be added as desired (e.g. alternate level 
   descriptions, eigenvector components, HFS parameters), but will not be used by the program.
   
   Dataset: Additional lists of energy levels as needed, with the same criteria. These may be for
   other ions present in the spectrum. 


Group: Standard lamp calibrations
   
   Dataset: Certificates for the standard lamp calibrations. Columns should be wavelength in nm and
   spectral radiance in µW/(mm^2 sr nm), or spectral radiant intensity in µW/(sr nm). These units
   can be rescaled by a common factor (e.g. to use W rather than µW), provided that the factor is
   applied uniformly.                                                   


Group: Previous identifications

  Dataset: Primary list of previous identifications. File shall be a table with columns containing
  the wavenumber, lower level key, upper level key, and intensity. The key must match the key in the
  levels group and that used in the calculations group. The decision of the appropriate level keys
  should be made early on by the user. Additional columns can be added as desired but will not be
  used by the program.
  
  Dataset: Additional lists of previous identifications as needed, with the same criteria.

Group: Spectra
  Group: Spectrum 1 
    Dataset: Individual spectrum taken from xgremlin .dat file. Metadata taken from .hdr file
    Group: Spectra of calibration lamp
      Group: Original spectra:
        Dataset spectrum 1: First spectrum of calibration lamp taken from .dat file. Metadata from
        .hdr file
        Dataset spectrum 2: Second spectrum of calibration lamp taken from .dat file. Metadata from
        .hdr file
        Dataset ....
      Group: Filtered spectra:
        Dataset filtered spectrum 1: Filtered spectrum 1 (done in Xgremlin initially)
        Dataset filtered spectrum 2: Filtered spectrum 2 (done in Xgremlin initially)
        Dataset filtered spectrum ...
      Dataset Average of filtered spectra
      Group: Interpolated standard lamp calibration in phot per cm-1
        Dataset: interpolated and rescaled version of calibration lamp
        Dataset: interpolated and rescaled version of other calibration lamps
    
    Group: Response curves:
      Dataset: Initial version of response curve. Metadata refer to dataset used to generate them
      Dataset: Subsequent versions of response curves. Metadata refer to dataset used to generate
      them.
      ---
      
    Group: Raw linelists (.lin files):
      Dataset: Initial version of linelist
      Dataset: Subsequent versions of linelists with metadata describing changes. 
      Dataset: Current working version of linelist
      
    Group: Intensity calibrated linelists:
      Dataset: Initial version of intensity calibrated linelists. Metadat describe datasets used to
      generate them.
      Dataset: Subsequent versions of linelists with metadata to describe changes
      Dataset: Current working version of intensity calibrated linelists.
      
    Group: List of identified lines:
      Dataset: Intial version with metadata describing datasets used to generate list
      Dataset: Subsequent versions of linelists with metadata describing changes.
      Dataset: Current working version of linelist.

      
The directory cr_demo_data contains examples of the input files:
cr042416.005_r.dat: example .dat binary file containing the spectrum
cr042416.005_r.hdr: example .hdr file containing the metadata for the spectrum
cr042416.005.aln: example intensity calibrated linelist
cr_ii.lev and crii_lev.csv: example Levels files
CrII.CS and CrII_CS.csv: example of Previous Identifications
CrII_waveno.E1 and CrII_calc.csv: example of calculations
Cr042416.05.II: example list of identified lines
D2_cal.csv: example calibration certificate file

An example of the structure of the hdf5 file is in Cr_BF2.h5. This file does not include the example list of identified lines, response curves, or spectra of the calibration lamps, but the wizard should have a provision to import these. It should also be possible to open the wizard multiple times to import additional data into the same hdf5 file.
